We therefore been concluded.
Council was interrogating Mr. Cohn about the production of the data and documents and
worksheets which have been recruited by the committee.
It's emanating from Mr. Shire.
I see a bottle of something has arrived.
I presume it's a material.
So, a pencil definition would make it continue with the interrogation of Mr. Cohn.
Mr. Cohn, are you not prepared to answer my right question and to produce the documents
to which I refer to the German and just your first?
Pretty much so, sir.
Will you now do so?
Consider it done in a second.
I would like to make a brief statement of the collection of this production.
By now, Mr. Bocks, in front of you, contain those documents.
Workheets.
Yes, sir.
The end product is the work of Mr. Shire.
It does, sir.
And I'd like to make an explanation.
Do you wish?
I may.
What we did was it's first of all, this was all of the memorials of a weekend.
Plus, although we could keep our words to the committee enough as much of this material as we could
hear this morning.
We made some members of the staff work during process a weekend.
We have tried to get together here.
I could be able to plot the same sign, well, dictated, worked on while he was with the committee
and the business secretary left the committee.
I sometimes say this is a complete reduction.
I told you there are probably a thousand files.
We haven't gone through them all.
There's probably a lot more, somewhat more.
Another thing I have to tell you, sir, is that the name of confidential informants do appear in the various of these documents.
And various of these documents there are no names of confidential informants.
And some there are names of people who are confidential informants.
Have you figured this out?
I have not done that, so I have not been able to in the sign room.
I want to make one more statement.
So, by May, there's also some information here in which Shire worked and got some other agency.
Which is security information and so it's denominated by other agencies.
In other words, I noticed some stuff with the CIA turn over to him.
And they sent that confidential security information.
So that material does have a security classification.
There is some other material, I think, some basic often material, since the Shire addresses to him,
which does have a security classification.
There are names of informants and informants with these disclosed information.
Which this committee has with the awards.
Some of these names were published.
There's a good deal of material, which does not come under that prohibition, which would not reveal the names of informants or concerns and informants.
Or have already been exposed and have already testified.
But I would say, sir, this is the first job we get to play it in the limited period of time which we have.
The chief of the Chair, Justice, and we have been deemed this material with the understanding that the names of the informants will not be made public.
And I suggest we'll have to have some kind of a screening process to delete those names in the events of Mr. Wilk or anybody on the committee.
The first part of this material, into the public records, and the Shire would also like to suggest that in that screening process we delete the names of people who are accused of different,
the malignations of various times that we have in a investigation pathway too, because there's no need to bring in the names of a lot of people who might only turn out to be innocent.
The first part of that, at least, this material is available to the members of the committee, which is available to Mr. Wilk and I think he understands the terms under which it was received as there would be no disposition on Mr. Wilk's part of the names of informants and any public records in my right must be lost.
I am to go into questions about the findings, I am to try not to say Mr. Wilk's correct about my understanding, and it's correct I think so.
But he wants to find out his last work was done by Mr. Shire rather than to try to put a lot of names to people in public records.
I cannot see that I would have any need to put names in the public records, but I do not wish at this time thinking of complete ignorance of what is in the box that I would include in him, but no, my point is Mr. Wilk, is you looking at these names?
I am looking at the records which should be made part of the committee material which you do so with the only standing in this before any names, the place in the public records that would take somebody out in.
Sir, I am not standing with Mr. Sonamant, the legitimate blue part, can I write a new one?
Yes, but could I say one thing more?
What I am particularly interested in is the work project of David Shire after he was inducted in the army, that is what I wish to see.
That is not I take it as segregated or can be segregated.
Sir, if I may, I have something to have to say here.
There is some material in here concerning the name of the form and the other things which speaking for myself, I don't think Mr. Walter would have seen.
I have no objection to the chair thing if it belongs to the committee. Committee information and every member of the committee certainly ought to see it.
And Mr. Jenkins, I think there might be some things which Mr. Wilk does not want to see. There might be some things with concern.
Matters are concerning the investigation of some of Mr. Wilk's clients and things along those lines, I am sure the committee was not wanting him to go on to the wall.
The second point is, ten a month, that is about what Mr. Wilk does there for in the very moment it is very short time that Dave Shire had to do some of this work when he was throwing his train in all day long at the same time.
Then for six, the bulk of the work he did was on those reports.
And there is some information bearing on that which I know will be of Mr. Wilk in here among the documents.
I have explained to Mr. Wilk on Friday, sir. Dave Shire did not come down to Washington at all. He did not seek aid to our sonarguerfoot down here, sir.
For a dino, he did not seek aid in memorandum. That is not the way it went. There was a very limited thing. He did a lot of work.
I am finishing up these reports. I have given Mr. Wilk's reports in front of the forum. He is reading in the bathroom. We do have some notes and a few drafts, which I think will be of help in Mr. Wilk.
But I do want to make a clear search, but in the very limited period of time that Shire had while he was down to four thick, doing a training at the same time.
I covered the categories of what he was working on, sir. And the rest is not that much more.
All right, Mr. Macons, I think you are understanding the terms and the written here receiving material that the committee has taken as to what does go into the public record.
Mr. Wilk is made available beyond the personnel of the committee of his staff. Mr. Durin is a very well-versed officer here at the Office of the Office.
Mr. Durin, Mr. Wilk.
Mr. Durin, are you ready?
Yes, sir. I am ready. I am ready. I will puzzle Mr. Cohn's reference to my client. I have only a kind of a modest collection of them, presumably.
They might all be listening on the television and they wouldn't crowd the audience much. I am not a lawyer of any client who were investigated by a lawyer who had any child by home witness.
I wish you would say something here, but thank you. I am feeling better than they must have done so much.
I thought maybe it might fall off, and I will apologize if it works. I thought I clearly indicated to the committee what I referred to as information dealing with the investigation of the communist infiltration in the army.
A few of the facts are that he represents the Secretary of the Army and the Council that the part I did not serve is completely fair to any of your clients and private practice.
I know that one of them who happens to be a good friend of mine, sir, and I have no intention of trying to get his business open.
I feel better.
Mr. Cohn, you ready to make that be? Do I recognize?
Mr. Cohn's chairman of the field of practice made subpoena with serve upon me and the chairman of the previous chair by the chairman of the league.
The chairman of the chair was produced without the benefit of the subpoena. It has been just an excellent injection.
I'm curious if the subpoena and the daughter can get out of this incident.
I've been tracking this for a long time since you've done a few questions about this material.
Just to put it in my pocket of one, as we know that this will do it, it will do it.
According to the Memorial Day, all of it, yes.
We have a bit of time to go through this material last night.
Well, so I went about, we've been in some time on it for a while.
And I'm a slave for the record.
I was the way I'm being vacationally, all of it myself.
I think I talked to you twice before and talked to you for a few months, but I know some.
I was going to know a little more about this material.
So just contain the names of any informants who came to me, give me an introduction.
Are you saying that to you personally as I'm talking to the day China or my father someone on the set,
I don't know, sir.
No, you don't know, no, no.
Well, I can think of some who I know spoke both to you and today China.
So what's the chairman I'm going to order the council not to turn the material over?
It will be available to Mr. Wilson, until I have a chance to go through it.
Like the minute, like the Jenkins, both there.
The super-tunner service will be available only to Mr. Jenkins and to the chairman, yes,
but I will not make that available to not order you not to be available to Mr. Wilson,
but I have a chance to go through it.
Oh, yes, the producer.
And that's the producer materials.
I'm ready to produce material out of master produce.
I may say that it took the Mr. Steven's Mr. Adams about six months to get a few names for him.
I think maybe we should have more than just the least.
All we can to go through this.
Now, I'd like to ask the chairman's old ones to have at least another half a day.
So I can keep the card or through the material and see what we have here.
We should have some clients with the recourse of the chair.
The chair is able to announce that the material is being accepted by the council and by the committee.
It will not be released to people beyond the committee staff and the committee members.
What about the committee action?
As chairman of the committee, I have no rights to turn material over this committee without commission of the commission of the committee.
I will call on me and think about the committee after we get through the legs.
The master has anything to say if time is done, any work is performed.
Any notes is made.
Part of me should be available to Mr. Wells to everything on this committee.
However, I am a praise today.
We'll have to refuse to turn files over to the...
I'm going to consider Mr. Owing-Hot-A-Vim until I get permission of the committee.
I'm just getting testimony on the committee for that purpose.
Committee, please.
The committee committee will have a meeting with the committee for Jenkins in response to our recourse.
The issue is a little bit too pity, but it's a shame I understand.
I made a record indication of the month that we are dealing with producing two self-surance who counsel Jenkins, the material,
much of the material we can assemble, call for five minutes of Jenkins on Friday afternoon.
Where are we going?
We're going to go to the zone.
Please listen to me, Kathy.
I'm going to go.
What I understand is, are these files in the custody of the district committee or are there not?
I don't know.
I came to the office all the way.
Chair would assume that they have been found.
No, I'm not sure.
I want to know, are these files of the district committee or the time or are they not?
When we are in the room, we're in the room.
The chair would assume, and the basis of the record, which you have already told us I,
which he has been telling us about, has been turned over with the request of you,
as many counsels as Jenkins and have been delivered to him by the Chicago.
This is so far from the director.
I have a fairly repeated way that I would not make available.
The name of any informants is any of my informants now.
It's a matter of Mr. Cheyenne, Mr. Cohn, as things are informants that he was to be turned over to the council committee.
I assume that you've talked to him of Cheyenne about this.
That's one good, however.
With now 12 p.m., I would like to have the new knowledge discuss this a lot of evidence here.
But Mr. Cohn, the meantime, I know, and for the chair of the commission, consider these.
Charles, in the custody of the...
I want to talk to him up to getting something.
Sir, I'm sending a month from my day of claimant.
I have thought to private chained about this over the weekend, sir.
The file will contain the names of certain informants, certain people's often giving this committee information, sir.
And I would like to say that both the Cheyenne and I and I play well with their members now,
that the successful failure of this committee, sir, depends upon our authority to get information concerning the mishandling or laxity for inefficiency and the executive branch of government,
because that's why this committee is set up, sir.
And we must get that information from people in the executive, but we don't get it.
We're out of business.
And we have a specific mandate under the legislative re-organization act to look into laxity and mishandling of situations in the executive,
most of the time, sir, you can get that information only from people who work in the executive.
And we have obtained statements from a large number of people who do work in the executive.
I am no more anxious, sir, to embarrass those people, but to betray their confidence, when it's like a distinguished chairman,
for whom I have the highest respect.
I noticed there in the memorandum of law which means to ground else submitted in support of the Eisenhower Directive,
he has a talk from President Theodore Rolf, who refused to turn information over to a senatorial committee on the ground that that information would give away the name of a man who furnished that information to the government,
and asked that his name be kept sacred, and President Theodore Rolf said that that was a sacred trust.
I regard the information given to this committee, so I people who want to see communists exposed and uncovered as a sacred trust.
And I am the last one who wants to reveal their name, sir, because I understand that now I am producing this material to you, sir,
Mr. Jenkins and to the committee, not to the purpose of destroying these sources of information and revealing the names of these people,
but on the understanding that these names of confidential informants will not be revealed, but that the material will be made otherwise available to you, sir.
And the biggest kind of material we have to do is run that page and we shall have a meeting on the floor.
Mr. Jenkins, I would like to ask you a question, Mr. Jenkins, what is the matter with you?
The air is made available, so I am expecting the committee as it is now, this is what is in that form,
or this one, that's what I want to explain, I am just planning very definitely that it is here.
Mr. Jenkins, the other information that I have had, any information on or any follow-up of the pages, is that too?
Mr. Jenkins, we are a professor.
Mr. Jenkins, I know what I want to say.
Mr. Jenkins, I am a professor.
Mr. Jenkins, I have a chair, I have a chair, I have a chair for this, I would like to introduce a form of the material produced by Mr. Schein,
minus the names of any confidential informants.
I told him I would do that, I will do that.
I will not turn this material over to the committee now, and leave it to the fact that it appears that the plan of confidential informants is invented.
Yes, the committee, which I am chairman, both, will I must turn over the names of confidential informants, and we will take that matter up.
I have no right as chairman, although they come and that's getting committee.
To turn this material over to chairs, never asked for, or was a chair, and I want to say it's going to be very clear, this might not be the only thing that they call it a day.
You can see that it's going to be a mass amount of material.
I want to know other, for example, Mr. Schein has an informant.
If I had an informant, I would have named him well, well and good.
I would have this kept turning over, I want to know what my chair was, and their informants are chairman.
I am not sure what my plans were, but chairman of the committee, but as jurisdiction of this material, I would like to have four or at least a few hours, and they sent it to this floor, and give me a report once we got there.
The Army is just six months to give us a few names, I think I should have a couple of hours.
I was there, but since that was possible, he doesn't call that I'm Friday.
Mr. Cohen was up on the target specifically to produce the material. He was after he could do it. He said he could.
He said Friday night and Saturday and Sunday and Monday until Tuesday morning.
He said he's going to be very disappointed if Mr. Cohen is unable to come to comply with the coronavirus, because he's been planning to leave in New York.
Mr. Cohen is the chairman of the committee.
Mr. Cohen is my chief counsel, he is not chairman of the enough getting committee.
The chairman of the enough getting committee, I have the control of his file.
The members of my committee can both want to do it, but I will have to go and buy a majority book.
I will not turn the file over to the committee now without knowing what's in them.
I am early asked that we have a bit of time, it's 12.15.
The federal thinketh is only about 15 minutes until 12.30, so that I can go over the stuff during the new year.
And the chairman will consider the president's manager or whether he's in my jurisdiction now.
The chair and fire are going in a new hour, you will all together a meeting of the committee's end of the chairman.
The legal process by which in your opinion these pathways can be made.
I will want to first rule over the materials with the tool and plan about here, I'm not sure if I have to do that yet.
You can do that.
It may be undestartic all the meeting of the committee.
The chairman knows that I have worked with him very closely, I have exceeded the many requests, which I didn't fully agree with.
I am going to do an exercise of matter and this matter I am sure will be taken care of to the senate action of all members of the committee.
What the left hand is.
We are going to do something similar to suggesting now because if a great degree says so, two o'clock we are going to come back to two o'clock and have to be judged again.
If you can decide if Mr. Colne and the private office, which you think you have the authority,
can you deliver this material?
If not, the chair of the chair will arrange to call a committee meeting.
We are going to do that, which we can decide.
I have suggested you continue with the extra cost and generalization of Mr. Colne.
The council will provide all of this as the next step in his interrogation.
The commission will tell us about it before it can go to committee members.
Well, then I will check in and put them to the meeting after 1230 a.m.
So it's sitting up to the clock and 1215 on 12 o'clock.
We are going to turn now back into the list of matters with my chief counsel, if I have to find out the exact same what we have here.
So it certainly is no information, no desire to keep any material from the list of the investigations from this committee.
I may the chair inquire whether if we do that, you will be ready to a clock either by action of committee or by your own action to produce the material which we have tried to endeavor to get tried to get.
It's scanning.
The room is open.
We are now at the MacArthur.
The committee has placed some of the committee tables over the top of the road.
Concentrate on the moment when they have an early recess.
And if the timing can be sent to the recognition from the chair, you know the column now chatting inside of you.
We have a chart and three use of full material.
I recently started by a two o'clock.
We will be able to handle this matter properly.
I do want to talk to Mr. Carr.
Mr. Cohen, find out what we have here.
I go with the giving all the material minus finance and finance and finance.
I can talk with me about the cost of material, no matter how many finance and finance.
I let the cost and the total.
The plan is going to be over here before their name is much more through anyone who would try to punish them so they get their jobs.
The film at position, the chair, has an absolutely excellent performance.
I hope we can go through that.
And perhaps with Mr. Jenkins and William Fatt, I'm defied hot as material.
I hope we can shoot that by two o'clock.
I'd be very happy if we could work with that time.
I'll come in the comments.
Let's just get on our lines.
We'll turn about seven to seven times to go through five, so that you'll know what will be implemented.
Our line is being filed on a page made available for the committee.
If he doesn't know, no time, let's first know.
But I do want this file on both of us.
If anything, filed, if there's committee and it's only been implemented in its month position,
let's just look at the situation, whatever it is.
Those senators don't look at it anymore.
I don't understand about this.
I'll say that to you.
I mean what I'm saying.
I want you on the phone.
I want to know when it's filed and when it's not.
We went out of school before this committee.
I was part of the record for this committee.
And this, when it is going to be it, we now have to drop out after that.
But whenever it goes into the custody of which committee,
works on a big double bar that it evolved through, and I loveמו as a chair of the committee,
whether it's home or not.
We'll turn to the members of the chair of the chair of the committee.
We'll turn to the members of the chair of the committee.
May the chair of the committee receive an evidence before this committee.
He's received by the committee and is availableistically to the committee members
and to the staff of the committee.
I don't know anything about what's in that box.
I know what we ask for, whatever we get.
Is available from the committee.
To all of the members of the committee staff, from the RFA.
May I say to the committee members?
The chair of the committee is available in the chair of the committee.
He's up here to write here.
The committee is available in the chair of the committee.
The center of the micens will not get the name.
Any confidential informants will I have?
This is especially true in view of the micens.
The center came back on the committee.
Came back on six days after the Mr. Adams was to Steve's contact with him.
He hasn't taken the stand to tell his father he came back.
What that conversation was with his business.
We can't seem to do it.
He has made it very clear for us.
The center of the micens has that he deals with those individuals that give me information about communists, about snipers.
But they should be prosecuted.
He's made speeches demanding they be prosecuted.
I want to tell the center of the micens all.
And all of them now that he will not get the name.
Any individuals that give me information about drafts or optimism.
I'm left on until.
Are you sure as my age.
What those names will not be used.
Of them make this clear as far as I am concerned.
I don't make them around.
I don't put those names on the file.
I'm very careful not to do that.
I'm glad and worried about the sort of thing some were told when I seemed to the past two days.
I was frankly worried that my three double-fired friends came back on the commission.
But whether they were coming back or helpers.
Big outs, drafts, drafts, and communists.
But as they were coming back.
Upon the request of Mr. Adams and Mr. Stevens.
I still don't know.
I still don't know what I want to say.
Very clearly.
The center of the micens all will never get.
The name.
Of anyone who's confidential in secrecy.
Use me information about dishonesty.
drafts, corruption, freedom, and the government.
That's absolutely clear.
From where I have to present it to from Wisconsin.
I've never asked him for such names.
There's implication as well.
Secondly as well.
When you imply by any language that you may have used.
Here now.
And when I was absent from this committee.
But I wanted the name of informants to make public.
I never made such a statement.
I never thought they should be made public.
What Senator knows about it.
And he knows he was unfair.
When you made such statements from such implications in my office.
I do take this position.
But I am talking about classified information.
If this Senator has a wife.
House chairman of this committee or as a United States senator.
The House has the secret files of this government.
The classified files dealing with the security of this country.
The half of them still for it.
And the documents given to him.
When I say it is this law, I'm the security assistant.
That's the perfect system.
That's the position I have taken.
I take it now.
I simply ask your administration to take the facts as reviewed by you.
And let the Americans people know whether that is the process that this government and this administration is going to follow.
If it is, if people in the United States have heard.
And if you haven't seen it, this can inform the same conduct that they should do.
But I want to point out to you.
But I'm talking about the basic issue of national security.
And if this Senator, if there is information in the file.
Seek an information at the standard of it first of the year.
Mark, last time did a bureau press classified in your statement.
Last Friday, that little bureau press can be no one else except Jay at your Uber.
And he's a one who markets classified.
And if you want to refer to him to the American people as a little bureau press.
That's your privilege.
That's the American people entitled to know.
It is a little bureau press.
That's controlling the secret information.
I like to know it too.
But I do say that I take the position.
But this has become a national issue.
As the weather, we are entitled to get the classified files and make some public here in hearings of the status.
If we are legally so, then we know how to proceed.
We can speak of the government.
But the FI have.
And you can carry on.
You get more work from that.
But all of the Congress divided into many different parts of the agenda.
If we are not inside of the league,
if we are not inside of the get it by speaking,
when I raise the question, are we inside of the get it by itself?
I do not believe you.
Now that's the correct definition after you're in lawments.
I don't want to know the name.
I don't get anything about them.
I'm not concerned about that.
People give you information.
Uncertainly government info.
When you give information within that personal knowledge,
write properly about any commonist info.
When you get that information from a classified document,
that is marked secret and deals with the security of this public,
when I run the message app,
and all I want and all is what this administration in purpose will all be.
If they in purpose, it's supposed to be no crime,
so he and the government take that document and make it available.
When the committee cannot get it by speaking, if that's no crime,
we're inside of it, and I know it's not what I want and all.
And I'll be there, is it?
And I will be able to be accepted out of one way or the other.
And the attorney general making that decision.
I think he's already made it.
But I think the American people are inside of the law.
What the position of this administration is,
we'll respect to these secret documents that those of the vital security of our country.
We're inside of the law on illegal basis,
and not up to the end of the legal basis of what one citizen may think,
one citizen may think, or someone else may think.
I hope we'll keep this a government's law in order for chairman.
Chairman, Chairman, Chairman has a financial disarmament
and he wants to call a decision to this fact that we're talking about two different committee facts.
There is no argument to be thought.
It's about the special investigation of the committee and the fact that from material you can receive,
in testimony by subtene or otherwise, is made available to all of the committee members.
Discussing and taking place between son of your McCarthy and part of McClellum,
and the weeks of signing the contract and now we just enjoy it.
I've got some kind of mind.
That's the section of the people's impollety.
With the regular investigating committee of the son of the McCarthy in the chat.
I'm going to say, don't ever have a grime to get a recognition here.
I'm going to point a point for this.
I may take you to find a free form for this.
I think the fact that I have another right to answer some of the McClellum without any introduction of the summit's timing.
When we get through, and I get through, I think the most residing is.
I'm very good.
We've been long as well.
We've practiced that.
It's just a...
A little bit more critical to see when I turn it over.